README.md, before:

# `React Portfolio`

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/javierperez98/react_Portfolio" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/javierperez98/react_Portfolio"  />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/javierperez98/react_Portfolio" >
    <a href="https://github.com/javierperez98"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/javierperez98?style=social" target="_blank" /></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Javascript-yellow" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-React-blue" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Bootstrap-purple" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/javierperez98/react_Portfolio" />
</p>

<a href="https://javierperez98.github.io/react_Portfolio/"><h1 align="center">Deployed Webpage</h1></a>


## `Description`

<!-- Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project.
What was your motivation? Why did you build this project? What problem does it solve? What did you learn? -->

- My portfilo was created using React.js and Bootstrap v4. I really enjoyed testing myself to build a layout and design from scratch using what I know about Bootstrap and using a frame work like React.js to make it componet based.

## `Table of Contents`

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## `Installation`

<!-- What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running. -->

To install copy and paste either the SSH or HTTPS key and run it in either Bash (PC Users) or Terminal (MAC Users) using the git clone command.

- SSH key:

```md
git clone git@github.com:javierperez98/react_Portfolio.git
```

- HTTPS key:

```md
git clone https://github.com/javierperez98/react_Portfolio.git
```

Next you'll have to install all the required node modules by opening the index.js file using terminal/bash and typing in the following command.

```md
npm i
or
npm install
and then
npm start
```

## `Usage`

<!-- Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed. -->

- The Navbar has links to jump to each section in my portfolio. There is a link to my resume.
- The about me section goes over a little bit about myself. It shows the programing languages and tools I know.
- My projects section shows two of my group projects and three app I created each using languages I know or a combination of them all.
- The contact me section have links to my github profile, linkedin, and email to contact me.

## `Credits`

<!-- List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles. Links to websites or resources. -->

- https://www.google.com
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US
- https://getbootstrap.com
- https://www.w3schools.com
- https://dev.to/
- https://create-react-app.dev/
- https://reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start
- https://reactjs.org/
- https://stackoverflow.com/

## `License`

<!-- If you need help choosing a license, refer to https://choosealicense.com/ -->

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 [Javier Perez]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## `Questions`

Contact me for any questions you might have.

- GitHub: [javierperez98](https://github.com/javierperez98)
- Email: [javier21perez98@gmail.com](mailto:javier21perez98@gmail.com)
- LinkedIn: [javierperez98](https://www.linkedin.com/in/javier-perez98/)

Commit message:

Updating portfolio to react 18 and adding typescript

README.md, after:

# `React Portfolio`

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/javierperez98/react_Portfolio" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/javierperez98/react_Portfolio"  />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/javierperez98/react_Portfolio" >
    <a href="https://github.com/javierperez98"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/javierperez98?style=social" target="_blank" /></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-React-blue" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Sass-purple" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Typescript-blue" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/javierperez98/react_Portfolio" />
</p>

<a href="https://javierperez98.github.io/react_Portfolio/"><h1 align="center">Deployed Webpage</h1></a>

## `Description`

<!-- Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project.
What was your motivation? Why did you build this project? What problem does it solve? What did you learn? -->

- My portfilo was created using React.js, Typescript and Sass.

## `Table of Contents`

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## `Installation`

<!-- What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running. -->

To install copy and paste either the SSH or HTTPS key and run it in either Bash (PC Users) or Terminal (MAC Users) using the git clone command.

- SSH key:

```md
git clone git@github.com:javierperez98/react_Portfolio.git
```

- HTTPS key:

```md
git clone https://github.com/javierperez98/react_Portfolio.git
```

Next you'll have to install all the required node modules by opening the terminal/bash and typing in the following command.

```md
npm i
or
npm install
and then
npm start
```

## `Usage`

<!-- Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed. -->

- The first section displays a link to my resume and to contact me. Along with links to my LinkedIn and Github.
- The Navbar has links to jump to each section in my portfolio.
- The about me section goes over a little bit about myself. It shows the major programing languages know.
- The contact me section have links to my github profile, linkedin, and email to contact me.

## `Credits`

<!-- List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles. Links to websites or resources. -->

- https://www.google.com
- https://create-react-app.dev/
- https://reactjs.org/
- https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons
- https://www.typescriptlang.org/
- https://sass-lang.com/
- https://stackoverflow.com/

## `License`

<!-- If you need help choosing a license, refer to https://choosealicense.com/ -->

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 [Javier Perez]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## `Questions`

Contact me for any questions you might have.

- GitHub: [javierperez98](https://github.com/javierperez98)
- Email: [javier21perez98@gmail.com](mailto:javier21perez98@gmail.com)
- LinkedIn: [javierperez98](https://www.linkedin.com/in/javier-perez98/)
